Clarify inset box-shadow description (#44224)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/reference/properties/box-shadow/index.md

    - If four values are specified, the fourth value is interpreted as `<spread-radius>`. Positive values will cause the shadow to expand and grow bigger, negative values will cause the shadow to shrink. If not specified, it will be set to `0` (that is, the shadow will be the same size as the element).

- `inset` {{optional_inline}}

>   - : Changes the shadow from an outer box-shadow to an inner box-shadow (as if the content is pressed into the box). Inset shadows are drawn inside the element's padding box and appear above the background but below the content. By default, the shadow behaves like a drop shadow, giving the appearance that the box is elevated above its content. This is the default behavior when `inset` is not specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Changes the shadow from an outer box-shadow to an inner box-shadow (as if the content is pressed into the box). Inset shadows are clipped to the element's padding box and appear above the background but below the content. By default, the shadow behaves like a drop shadow, giving the appearance that the box is elevated above its content. This is the default behavior when `inset` is not specified.
```
